{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green100\blue38;\red32\green32\blue32;\red88\green118\blue71;
\red254\green187\blue91;\red153\green168\blue186;\red173\green169\blue32;\red86\green132\blue173;\red133\green96\blue154;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c74902\c39216\c14902;\csgenericrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c34510\c46275\c27843;
\csgenericrgb\c99608\c73333\c35686;\csgenericrgb\c60000\c65882\c72941;\csgenericrgb\c67843\c66275\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c33725\c51765\c67843;\csgenericrgb\c52157\c37647\c60392;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 import \cf4 'package:flutter/material.dart'\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 'package:untitled5/Category.dart'\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 'package:untitled5/homePage.dart'\cf2 ;\
\
void \cf5 main\cf6 ()\{\
  runApp(\cf5 Myapp\cf6 ())\cf2 ;\
\cf6 \}\
\
\cf2 class \cf6 Myapp \cf2 extends \cf6 StatelessWidget \{\
  \cf2 const \cf6 Myapp(\{Key? key\}) : \cf2 super\cf6 (key: key)\cf2 ;\
\
  \cf7 @override\
  \cf6 Widget \cf5 build\cf6 (BuildContext context) \{\
    \cf2 return \cf5 MaterialApp\cf6 (\
      title: \cf4 'Dessert App'\cf2 ,\
      \cf6 theme: \cf5 ThemeData\cf6 (primaryColor: \cf5 Color\cf6 (\cf8 0xFF5ea17f\cf6 ))\cf2 ,\
      \cf6 home: \cf5 Home\cf6 ()\cf2 ,\
    \cf6 )\cf2 ;\
  \cf6 \}\
\}\
\
\cf2 class \cf6 Home \cf2 extends \cf6 StatefulWidget \{\
  \cf2 const \cf6 Home(\{Key? key\}) : \cf2 super\cf6 (key: key)\cf2 ;\
\
  \cf7 @override\
  \cf6 State<Home> \cf5 createState\cf6 () => \cf5 _HomeState\cf6 ()\cf2 ;\
\cf6 \}\
\
\cf2 class \cf6 _HomeState \cf2 extends \cf6 State<Home> \{\
  int \cf9 selectedIndex \cf6 =\cf8 0\cf2 ;\
\
  void \cf5 onItemTapped\cf6 (int index)\{\
    setState(() \{\
\cf9 selectedIndex\cf6 = index\cf2 ;\
    \cf6 \})\cf2 ;\
  \cf6 \}\
\
  List<Widget> \cf9 pages \cf6 = <Widget>[\
    \cf5 HomePage\cf6 ()\cf2 ,\
    \cf5 CategoryPage\cf6 ()\cf2 ,\
  \cf6 ]\cf2 ;\
\
  \cf7 @override\
  \cf6 Widget \cf5 build\cf6 (BuildContext context) \{\
    \cf2 return \cf5 SafeArea\cf6 (\
      child: \cf5 Scaffold\cf6 (\
        backgroundColor: Colors.
\f1\i \cf9 black
\f0\i0 \cf2 ,\
        \cf6 body: \cf9 pages\cf6 [\cf9 selectedIndex\cf6 ]\cf2 ,\
        \cf6 bottomNavigationBar: \cf5 BottomNavigationBar\cf6 (backgroundColor: Colors.
\f1\i \cf9 black54
\f0\i0 \cf2 , \cf6 items: [\cf5 BottomNavigationBarItem\cf6 (icon: \cf5 Icon\cf6 (Icons.
\f1\i \cf9 home_outlined
\f0\i0 \cf6 )\cf2 ,\
        \cf6 label: \cf4 'Home'\cf2 ,\cf6 )\cf2 ,\
        \cf5 BottomNavigationBarItem\cf6 (icon: \cf5 Icon\cf6 (Icons.
\f1\i \cf9 category_outlined
\f0\i0 \cf6 )\cf2 , \cf6 label: \cf4 'Category'\cf2 ,\cf6 )\cf2 ,\
      \cf5 BottomNavigationBarItem\cf6 (icon: \cf5 Icon\cf6 (Icons.
\f1\i \cf9 bookmark_outlined
\f0\i0 \cf6 )\cf2 , \cf6 label:\cf4 'Saved'\cf6 )\cf2 ,\
      \cf5 BottomNavigationBarItem\cf6 (icon: \cf5 Icon\cf6 (Icons.
\f1\i \cf9 person_outlined
\f0\i0 \cf6 )\cf2 , \cf6 label: \cf4 'Profile'\cf6 )\cf2 ,\
      \cf6 ]\cf2 ,\
          \cf6 unselectedItemColor: Theme.
\f1\i \cf5 of
\f0\i0 \cf6 (context).\cf9 primaryColor\cf2 ,\
          \cf6 selectedItemColor: Theme.
\f1\i \cf5 of
\f0\i0 \cf6 (context).\cf9 primaryColor\cf2 ,\
          \cf6 iconSize: \cf8 30\cf2 ,\
          \cf6 currentIndex: \cf9 selectedIndex\cf2 ,\
          \cf6 onTap: \cf5 onItemTapped\cf2 ,\
      \cf6 )\cf2 ,\
      \cf6 )\cf2 ,\
    \cf6 )\cf2 ;\
\
  \cf6 \}\
\}\
\
\
}